the fictional wife of a sultan and the narrator of the tales in the Arabian Nights' Entertainments
Fictional sultan's wife who narrated The Thousand and One Nights. According to the story that serves as the collection's framework, the Sultan Shahryar found his first wife unfaithful, and, after deciding that he hated all women, he married and killed a new wife each day. Scheherazade, daughter of his vizier, in an effort to avoid his previous wives' fate, related to him a fascinating story every night, promising to finish it on the following night. The sultan enjoyed the stories so much that he put off her execution indefinitely and finally abandoned the idea altogether.

In times long past in the far history of the world, there once was a girl of bravery and talent. She was the daughter
of the king's chief minister. Her name was Scheherazade

When it came time for the Great King to die, he left his lands and wealth to the young prince Sharayar and his older brother

the princes divided the land, and Prince Sharayar became skilled at ruling his kingdom and decided to marry

Time passed and one night as King Sh walked in the palace gardens he overheard his Queen plotting with his enemies to betray him

In his anger and sadness, he sent the Queen away from the kingdom.

After this terrible event, King Sh decided that no other woman could ever be trusted again. he planned
to kill each and every girl throughout his land, one each night.

The rumor of this caused great terror in the kingdom. There was nothing but fear and crying. Parent hid their daughters away

Now, Shehrazad was a girl of quick mind who had learned a great many famous fairy tales. She
was also strong, kind and good hearted. Her voice was so beautiful that people begged her to tell her stories.

Shehrazad made a plan to save all the girls of her kingdom. Knowing she would be in danger, 
she neverthelelss went to speak to the King. He was charmed by her but trusting not one girl,
he ordered her to be the next to die.

Shehrazad cried, saying Sir, please allow me to tell you a last goodnight story.

