Two hours later, Rhonda turned up at Melissa's, prompt for the seven o'clock invitation. She rapped the brass lion knocker on the outsized gothic door, and Purves, the Constables' butler, silently ushered her in to the vestibule.
Melissa came flying down the staircase to meet her. The two girls babbled happily together on their way into the dining room. The table had room for eighteen people, but there were just the two of them tonight, as Mr. and Mrs. Constable were still on the Continent, and Melissa's elder sister had just eloped with the under-gardener - which would be some surprise for her parents when they arrived home Christmas Eve. Silver plate shone against the mahogany surface, and two linen placemats with matching napkins were marooned at the top end of the table. The two girls sat down beaming at one other; Rhonda felt like a princess, and Melissa was in the best of spirits, as she normally was.
At the far end of the dining hall stood a stately Christmas tree, decked with an incredible assortment of glass and brass ornaments, tiny wrapped parcels amongst the boughs, and the most exquisite angel Rhonda had ever seen perched atop the tree. This angel, dressed in velvet and sporting a pair of large white-feathered wings, had long shining silver hair, and even a tiny light inside which made her porcelain head glow. In one hand, she held what must be a magic wand, in the other a tin horn.
"What a glorious angel!" gushed Rhonda.
"Oh, that's been in the family forever. My grandfather swore it was cursed, and wouldn't allow it anywhere near a Christmas tree while he was alive. But that's silly."
After the soup and salad courses, Rhonda and Melissa got down to brass tacks. "So has Arthur asked you to the Christmas dance, yet?" Melissa asked, her blue eyes dancing merrily. "No, but it's just a matter of time, I'm sure," was Rhonda's opinion. "And, anyway, if he doesn't ask me, I'll ask him. How about you? You must have had half a dozen invitations by now!"
Melissa delicately tasted the poached salmon. "Well, no one I'd care to go with, yet. Lance has been very insistent - he's asked me three times this week! I just can't make up my mind about him."
"Don't wait too long, Melissa. The dance is just a week away. I'm going to ask Arthur, just you watch me! He's really cute, and quite intelligent. I also heard that he knows how to dance, so we'll be perfect together."
The two girls finished off the meal: asparagus in sauce, cucumber aspic, a bowl of fruit, Baked Alaska for dessert, and a cheese plate at the end of the meal. The footman even brought them each a small sherry in crystal glasses to enjoy in front of the huge marble fireplace. They each took a seat in front of the roaring logs, and chatted on, both getting sleepy. Tiny white winking lights shone out from the gigantic tree beside them.
